Allowing scrub configs begin_day/end_day to include 7 and begin_hour/end_hour to include 24 is confusing (#37941)
ceph/ceph: doc/rados/configuration/osd-config-ref.rst

``osd scrub begin hour``

:Description: This restricts scrubbing to this hour of the day or later.
              Use ``osd scrub begin hour = 0`` and ``osd scrub end hour = 0``

>               for the entire day.  Along with ``osd scrub end hour``, they define a time

Reviewer: nit: here and everywhere
```suggestion
              to allow scrubbing the entire day.  Along with ``osd scrub end hour``, they define a time
```

              no matter whether the time window allows or not, as long as the placement
              group's scrub interval exceeds ``osd scrub max interval``.
:Type: Integer in the range of 0 to 23
:Default: ``0``

``osd scrub begin week day``

:Description: This restricts scrubbing to this day of the week or later.
              0  = Sunday, 1 = Monday, etc. Use ``osd scrub begin week day = 0``
              and ``osd scrub end week day = 0`` for the entire week.  Along with
              ``osd scrub end week day``, they define a time window, in which
              the scrubs can happen. But a scrub will be performed
              no matter whether the time window allows or not, as long as the placement
              group's scrub interval exceeds ``osd scrub max interval``.
:Type: Integer in the range of 0 to 6
:Default: ``0``

``osd scrub end week day``

:Description: This restricts scrubbing to days of the week earlier than this.
              0 = Sunday, 1 = Monday, etc.  Use ``osd scrub begin week day = 0``
              and ``osd scrub end week day = 0`` for the entire week.
              Along with ``osd scrub begin week day``, they define a time

>               window, in which the scrubs can happen. But a scrub will be performed
>               But a scrub will be performed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
              window, in which the scrubs can happen. But a scrub will be performed
              
```
